In which type of speech do you stand up and talk in front of your peers?|oral
If the audience doesn't feel that you are a trustworthy expert with thorough knowledge of your subject matter, what have you lost?|ethos
Listen to this clip and answer the question that follow. Question 4 Clip (This will open in a new window.) Play Video What information was NOT provided?|The reasons why there are several types of shoppers.
Listen to this clip and answer the questions that follow. Question 5 Clip (This will open in a new window.) Play Video What phrase does the speaker use to shift to the outline of the speech?|Today, ...
For questions 6-10, you need to refer to the following video. Watch the video and answer the questions that follow. Questions 6-10 Video (This will open in a new window.) Play Video What is the purpose of this presentation?|to inform
The speaker does a good job of including an outline of her presentation in her introduction. What does the speaker say she will discuss first in the presentation?|the definition of cyberbullying
What are the three parts of a good presentation?|introduction, body, and conclusion
This photo is an example of which mode of persuasion?|pathos
Listen to this clip and answer the questions that follow. Question 4 Clip (This will open in a new window.) Play Video Which phrase does the speaker use to start transitioning from her hook to the topic of the presentation?|Over my last two years...
Listen to this clip and answer the questions that follow. Question 5 Clip (This will open in a new window.) Play Video Does this presenter use the three parts of an introduction mentioned in this week's lectures?|Yes
For questions 6-10, you need to refer to the following video. Watch the video and answer the questions that follow. Questions 6-10 Video (This will open in a new window.) Play Video What is the format of this presentation?|oral
The speaker does a good job of including an outline of her presentation in her introduction. What does the speaker say she will discuss last in the presentation?|a solution for cyberbullying
What type of presentation is this?|poster
Which mode of persuasion is about the step-by-step, logical development of your arguments?|logos
It is important for speakers to define key terms that audience members should know in order to follow the presentation. The speaker does a good job of this by defining cyberbullying. What is the basic definition she gives?|Cyberbullying is harassment through technology
Complete the sentence. The speaker connects with the audience by asking the if they _____________.|have ever been a victim of cyberbullying
At the end of the presentation, the speaker shares her opinion, per the request of an audience member. What is the speaker's opinion about the topic?|She is of the opinion that there is a general lack of awareness about the issue of cyberbullying.
The speaker mentions that the topic of her presentation is "cyberbullying". However, like any good presenter, she also has a more narrow focus, or controlling idea. She uses the phrase "ties in with" to introduce the more specific issue related to cyberbullying. What is this idea?|mental health
