Which of the following topics will be presented third in the class?|development of the general principle
The language cue "because" is used in the lecture to explain why all the topics in the outline may not be taught in the course. Select the TWO reasons that were given.|There will not be enough time.$That material is sometimes taught in two semesters.
"Nevertheless" shows contrast; it shows something that is the opposite of what is being discussed. Why did the professor use the language cue "nevertheless" in the phrase "nevertheless there are some very important aspects of it like black holes . . . " ?|Black holes are an application of the General Relativity theory and the phrase preceding "nevertheless" states that there will not be much time to discuss possible applications.
What language cue informs us that Einstein did not immediately get together with Marcel Grossman?|eventually
The language cues are in bold and underlined in the following excerpt of the lecture. Which TWO language cues signal a restatement of something that was already explained? In order to understand the theory, we need some mathematics, and it turns out that general relativity requires some understanding of tensor calculus. That is, in order to understand the foundation of Einstein's theory and why it is in fact unique, we need to understand the mathematics that comes with it, which is not trivial but nevertheless is an essential part of it. In other words, you cannot discuss general relativity without tensor calculus and differential geometry|in other words$that is
The professor says, "in a number of occasions I will use the famous phrase 'it can be shown'." When will he say "it can be shown"?|He will use this phrase when he doesn't have time to show the proof.
See how well you can determine meaning of an actual professor giving an introduction to Einstein's General Relativity and Gravitation. The lecture is 4 minutes 39 seconds long. First, watch the entire video, then answer each of the following questions. General Relativity and Gravitation Lecture Play Video How does the professor know many of the students?|They took his class before.
When will special relativity be discussed in the course?|in the beginning of the course
Which of the following topics will be presented last in the class?|applications of General Relativity
What language cue was used to state that the aim of the class was to focus on fundamental issues and not practical applications of the theory?|rather not
What language cue informs us that Einstein did not immediately get together with Marcel Grossman?|eventually