After listening to the Note-Taking Practice 4 lecture, use your notes to answer the following questions. Who would benefit from watching this video about Time Management?|Everyone . . . including those listed above
Out of the following concepts that were discussed in the talk, which was mentioned last?|Be realistic and kind to yourself.
Many people say, "I'd love to do this, but I don't have time for it" or "I wish I would do this right, but I don't have time." According to the speaker, how can this be avoided?|Figure out what you love and what is most important and plan those things first into your schedule.
In the talk, the speaker gives the following examples: " . . . it could be house cleaning. If you are in an office environment, it could be reading or reviewing emails. " Which of the five time management concepts was he talking about when he gave these examples?|Schedule mindless maintenance during "lazy" hours.
What does the speaker mean when he says, "One of the biggest problems people have is that they are too ambitious."|People plan too much in their schedules.
What are some ways that you can "be realistic and kind to yourself" as you manage your time?|All of the above.
Which language cues did the speaker use?|All of the above
Which statement do you think the speaker would probably agree with?|Planning in social time with friends and family should be on the "most important" list.
Out of the following concepts that were discussed in the talk, which was mentioned first?|Know when you work best.
According to the lecture, what is the main reason that people give up on the schedule that they make for themselves?|They try to fit in too much into their schedule and then become frustrated when they cannot accomplish it all.
After listening to the Note-Taking Practice 4 lecture, use your notes to answer the following questions. What are the benefits of learning how to manage time well?|All of the above
True or False? When considering what is most important to you, you should think about solutions to the everyday expectations that make you worry and put these first into your calendar.|False
Which statement do you think the speaker would probably agree with?|Planning in social time with friends and family should be on the "most important" list.
In the talk, the speaker gives the following examples: "Well, I have this test tomorrow," or "I have this bill that is due on Friday." Which of the five time management concepts was he talking about when he gave these examples?|Identify what is most important to you.
Based on the the lecture, which statement do you think the speaker would probably agree with?|The main aim of managing time well is to keep a person happy, not stressed, and still productive.
Which of the following questions would not be appropriate to write in the "Questions/Main Ideas" column on a Cornell Note-taking form?|Who need to know how to manage time?
